To Do:

---Home Page---
A. Can now add/view books that start with a #, but still can't view books that start with a .

B. Update the top books section.
	EITHER:
		Update the way things are done and instead pull from the database.
			This means that instead of loading from the api, we're going to check, then add to the database.
			May also need to add a date added to a new model that is only for the top books.
	OR:
		Update the books model so the most viewed books, or most popular club books are in the top books section.
			This actually sounds a lot more fun. Like have it list the top x books based on views (Number of clicks) and club popularity (Number of comments) [x + y]
	The top books are NOT the top books on the New York Times Best Sellers Need to sort this out.


C. List the books in a different way on the index.
	Maybe:
		#   |   Image   |   Title   |   Author

D. Add the most popular book clubs to the bottom of the page.
	Have to count the number of comments on the book to find the most popular.

---Book Details---
A. Review written by test had Kail_Claskan as the user, need to fix that.
	Shows up in database as written by test.  
	Was an issue with the way I was logging	the user. I had g.user.username. Changed 
	it to review.user.username. Now it displays properly. ---DONE---

B. Book Reviews need to be fully viewable on the books page. ---DONE---
	  Date   | Title   |   User  |  Rating 
	|                Review                |
	Centered ---DONE---

C. Need to add details about a book to it's details page. (Like interesting facts about the book, facts about the author)

D. Add flash message that Reviews will be reviewed and released, like club requests. ---Done---
   	Also flash for comments. ---Done---

E. Add js that allows you to open/close reviews and clubs on book detail pages.
	ALSO add the ability to have created clubs/library on the User detail page.
	Click link, it disables and allows you to click the other link.
	Each link opens it's respective sections.

F. Center the buttons on the details page. ---Done---

---Book Club---
A. Change the book club comments to bubbles maybe? The post too possibly. Make it more exciting.
	Comments need to be centered as well.

---All Books Page---
A. Limit the number of books displayed on the books page. Maybe 10 per page. ---DONE---
	1a. Now that that's done, need to code the ability to load the next set of 10, and the next set after that and so on.
		Limit and Offset are set.
		Need to figure out how to list the next sets.

---Admin Page---
A. Figure out the denied requests.
	I want to send them back to the user who will click on a button and open a form to change the request.
	They should also have the option to delete the request if they don't want to request any longer.
	In line with the denials place an inbox in the navigation section.
		Users can receive mail from administration, not send.
		This is how the users can find out about their required updates.
		Maybe add a messaging service for user to user contact. (LATER)

B. Set up the Password Reset, Role Update, Info Update and Remove User buttons in the User Account Settings menu.


---General---
A. Adjust the posted date for all models with a date so it shows in format MM/DD/YYYY

B. Make sure that the user can't write reviews, view clubs, or create clubs unless they're signed in.

---User Details Page---
A. Make the User details on the user details page centered maybe? Just make it look nicer.
	Center the Library section.
	Add a created and commented clubs section.






